docs: fix broken anchor links (#31707)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-java.md

#### New APIs

> - [`browserType.launch()`](./api/class-browsertype#browser-type-launch-option-channel) now accepts the new `'channel'` option. Read more in [our documentation](./browsers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`method: BrowserType.launch`] now accepts the new `'channel'` option. Read more in [our documentation](./browsers).
```
